The number one hero. All Might.
Age unknown. Quirk unidentified.
He dashed onto the scene
of the hero world
and received unwavering
popularity based on his ability.
Ever since he appeared.
the once critically high rate of crimes
committed by villains
decreased year after year.
and his existence itself
became a deterrent.
He became the Symbol of Peace
in both name and reality.
And that man said to me…
You can become a hero.
-Huh? Midoriya? No way!
-You're Quirkless!
How can you even stand
in the same ring as me?
-You should probably give it up.
-I'm sorry. Izuku!
I wanted someone to tell me that.
And then. the person I most admired
said those words to me.
Can anything
be more shocking than this?
More than this?
You are worthy to inherit my power.
Inherit your power?
What's with that face?
It's just a suggestion.
The real show starts after this.
Listen. young man. You need to decide
whether or not
you will accept my power!
What is All Might saying?
I'm talking about my power.
young man.
The tabloids called it
"superhuman strength" and a "boost."
and I constantly dodged the question
during interviews with a funny joke.
Because the Symbol of Peace.
All Might. had to be a natural-born hero.
But young man. I will tell you the truth.
My Quirk was passed on
to me like a sacred torch.
It was passed on to you?
That's right.
And next. it is your turn.
Wait! Wait a minute!
It's true that your Quirk
is something hotly debated
as one of the world's greatest mysteries.
So much so that not a day goes by
when I don't see someone
talking about it online.
But. well. I don't really understand
what you mean
by inheriting or passing on a Quirk…
I've never heard
of anything like that before.
and it's never even been
conjectured in the debate.
Why is that? Is it because
since the dawn of history.
a Quirk like that was never confirmed?
In the first place. it's…
You always start with denial. huh?
Nonsense!
I may hide a lot of things.
but I don't lie!
The power to transfer power…
That is the Quirk I inherited!
I was crowned with "One For All"!
"One For All"…
That's right.
One person cultivates the power
and passes it on to another person.
who also cultivates it
and passes it on.
It is the crystallization of power
that spins together
the voices of those who need help
with a courageous heart.
Why are you giving me
something so great?
I have been looking for a successor.
And then. I thought it would be
all right for you to inherit it.
You are just a Quirkless hero fanboy.
but you were more heroic
than anyone else back there!
Never mind!
Well. it's up to you. though.
What'll you do?
He said so much to encourage me.
and even told me his secret…
Is there… Of course there isn't…
There's no reason
for me to turn him down!
I'll do it!
An immediate reply.
That's what I thought you'd say!
But it was no easy task
to receive his power.
EPISODE THREE:
ROARING MUSCLES
DAGOBA MUNICIPAL BEACH PARK
TWO DAYS LATER - EARLY MORNING
Hey! This is such a comfy fridge
to sit on!
If you could move it even a little.
it would be a little easier.
Well yeah. I mean.
you weigh 274 kilograms. right?
No. I lost weight.
so I'm only 255 kilograms now.
in this form.
Anyway. why am I dragging trash
at the beach park?
It's 'cause. you know.
you're not a proper vessel.
What you're saying now is the opposite
of what you said before!
I'm talking about your body.
My Quirk. One For All.
is the fullest physical ability
of many people gathered into one.
An unprepared body
cannot inherit it fully.
The limbs will come off
and the body will explode.
The limbs will what?
Then… I'm picking up trash
in order to train my body?
Yes!
But that's not all.
After some research
on the internet yesterday.
I discovered
that part of this beach park's coast
has been like this for many years.
Yeah…
For some reason. because of the currents.
objects drift here a lot.
and people take advantage of that
to hide their illegal dumping.
The local residents
don't come near here. either.
Heroes these days
are all after the showy stuff.
Originally. being a hero
meant doing volunteer service.
Even if people
called that boring or whatever.
You can't waver from those roots.
You will restore the horizon
for this whole section!
That is your first step
toward becoming a hero!
My first step?
Clean… this…
All of it?
Young Midoriya.
you want to go to U.A.. right?
Yes!
Because it's where you went!
So if I'm going to go. I thought
it would definitely have to be U.A.
You're a go-getter fanboy!
But I've told you this before.
It's not something
you can do without a Quirk.
It's sad.
but that is what the reality is.
And U.A.'s is the hardest
hero course to get into.
In other words…
In the ten months
until U.A.'s entrance exam.
I have to complete my vessel!
That's where this comes in!
I came up with this:
"Aim to Pass: American Dream Plan"!
It's a training plan to help
you finish cleaning up the beach.
I'll have you follow this
in every aspect of your life!
Even sleep time is included…
Frankly. this is a super hard schedule.
Can you follow it?
Of course. I have to work
many times harder than anyone else.
or else I can't do it!
And so began my ten months of hell.
Carry that to the park entrance!
Put it in the truck!
Depending on size and shape. the muscles
I have to use are completely different!
I see. This is…
Run! Ten months will be over
before you know it!
Let's become athletic!
Let's see…
With the appearance of superpowers.
the Building Standards Act
was revised…
This is tough…
Ten months of this. huh?
It'll be hard if I don't finish
by a week before the exam.
Which means. there are 294 days left.
Taking into consideration
a sufficient recovery period
if I rest for two days in between.
that gives me…
…about 98 days of real training
even if I'm efficient.
I can get in about five hours
of training morning and night.
so that's 490 hours.
Also. that beach cleanup doesn't work out
any specific parts of the body.
If I don't work out my whole body equally.
then there's no way I'll make it.
Bodybuilding to create a body
able to adapt to any situation…
Literally intensive training
to become a hero…
All Might can't stay
and watch me the whole time.
If I don't do as much efficient
independent training as I can.
there's no way I can catch up
the way I am now…
-Midoriya. hey!
-Anyway. I'll have to cut…
Did your encounter with the villain
make you go crazy?
It's presumptuous to think
of getting into U.A. like that.
Plus. I have to study
for the entrance exam.
A nervous breakdown already?
That's scary.
Hey. what's wrong?
There are only three months left!
You won't make it!
Wanna give up?
Wanna take it easy and rest today?
Overwork?
The "Aim to Pass: American Dream Plan"
was adjusted with your body in mind
to make sure you'd make it
in time for the entrance exam.
You haven't been
sticking to the plan. have you?
Overdoing it
will have the opposite effect!
Don't you want to get in?
I do…
But I can't just get in…
I have to work
a lot more than other people
or I won't be able to catch up.
I want to be like you.
I want to become
the greatest hero. like you!
Saving people with a fearless smile.
Like you!
He's looking far into the future. huh?
You go-getter fanboy!
I like that!
But if that's the case.
then you really can't rush things now.
But I understand your feelings.
Leave it to this old guy
to adjust your plan!
You're not old… All Might…
FEBRUARY 26
And then. it was 6 a.m.
on the day of the entrance exam.
Hey. hey…
He even cleaned outside
of where I told him to! Seriously?
There's not even a speck of dust left!
Seriously?
He finished at the last minute!
More than perfectly!
Oh my…
goodness!
Good work.
All Might… I did it.
I did it!
Yeah. you surprised me.
you entertainer!
Teenagers are amazing!
Here. take a look.
-This is…
-It's you. ten months ago.
You did good. You really did!
The mirage of
it is finally just barely visible.
but you have certainly become
a suitable vessel!
I feel like I'm cheating…
You did all this for me…
I'm too blessed…
What're you saying after all this time…
It was your own hard work.
We'll have to fix
those leaky eyes of yours.
Now. it's time for the award ceremony.
Izuku Midoriya!
Yes. sir!
This is something I was once told:
"Something that you
receive because you're lucky
"and something that you are given
because you are recognized
"are different in essence."
Take that to heart.
This is power that you earned
because of your own effort.
I took the reality that would be
surprising even in comics
in my hand…
Eat this.
Huh?
It doesn't really matter what it is
as long as you take in my DNA.
It's too different from what I imagined!
Now. there's no time!
You'll be late for the exam!
Come!
8:40 A.M. - THE SAME DAY
U.A. HIGH SCHOOL
ENTRANCE EXAM LOCATION
I made it.
In the end.
I didn't have time to test out
the power I received from All Might.
Eat this.
I swallowed the hair.
but did I really receive his power?
Outta my way. Deku!
Kacchan!
Don't stand in front of me. I'll kill you.
Morning. Let's both do our best…
Hey. isn't that Bakugo?
The one with the sludge villain?
Oh. he's the real thing!
Ever since that day.
Kacchan didn't do anything to me.
I was just scared of him out of habit!
I'm different from before!
Remember these past ten months!
Take the first step…
to being a hero!
This is it!
Are you all right?
It's my Quirk. Sorry for using it
without asking first.
But it'd be bad luck if you fell. right?
Aren't you nervous?
Uh…
Let's do our best. See ya!
I talked to a girl!
DIDN'T ACTUALLY TALK
U.A. HIGH SCHOOL HERO COURSE
EXAM ORIENTATION
For all you examinee listeners tuning in.
welcome to my show today!
Everybody say "hey"!
SILENCE!!
What a refined response.
Then I'll quickly present to you
the rundown on the practical exam!
Are you ready?
Yeah!
SILENCE!!
It's the Voice Hero.
Present Mic! Wow!
I listen to him every week on the radio.
I'm so moved!
-All the teachers at U.A. are pro heroes!
-Shut up.
As it says
in the application requirements.
you listeners will be conducting
ten-minute mock urban battles after this!
You can bring whatever you want with you.
After the presentation. you'll head
to the specified battle center. okay?
SILENCE!!
Okay?
In other words. they won't let you
work with your friends. huh?
EXAMINEE NUMBER: 2234
TEST LOCATION: BATTLE CENTER B
You're right. Even though
our examinee numbers are consecutive.
we're assigned
to different battle centers.
Don't look. I'll kill you.
Damn. now I can't crush you.
Three different types of faux villains
are stationed in each battle center.
You earn points for each of them
based on their level of difficulty.
Your goal. dear listeners.
is to use your Quirks
to earn points by immobilizing
the faux villains.
Of course. attacking other examinees
and any other unheroic actions
are prohibited!
May I ask a question?
Okay!
On the printout.
there are four types of villains.
If that is a misprint. then U.A..
the most prominent school in Japan.
should be ashamed
of that foolish mistake.
We examinees are here in this place
because we wish to be molded
into exemplary heroes.
In addition. you over there
with the curly hair.
You've been muttering
this whole time.
It's distracting!
If you're here on a pleasure trip.
then you should leave immediately!
I'm sorry…
Okay. examinee number 7111.
Thanks for the great message.
The fourth type of villain
is worth zero points.
That guy's an obstacle. so to speak.
There's one in every battle center.
An obstacle that will go crazy
in narrow spaces.
It's not impossible to defeat. but
there's no reason to defeat it. either.
I recommend
that you listeners try to avoid it.
Thank you very much!
Please excuse the interruption!
I see… It's like the obstacles
you avoid in videos games. huh?
The whole thing is like a video game.
That's all from me!
Finally. I'll give you listeners
a present: our school motto!
The hero Napoleon Bonaparte once said:
"A true hero is someone
who overcomes life's misfortunes."
Go beyond.
Plus Ultra!
Now. everyone. good luck suffering!
U.A. HIGH SCHOOL HERO COURSE
ENTRANCE EXAM - BATTLE CENTER B
It's time to do it.
It's time to give everything I got
from my training with All Might
these past ten months.
I will become
the hero I always dreamed of being!
NEXT TIME
The entrance exam of U.A. High School.
the famous school that turned out
many pro heroes. is starting.
Leaving aside
the written exam for now.
will I be able to get through
the practical exam
with the power I only just received
from All Might?
Let's do our best
on the entrance exam!
Huh? Who're you?
More importantly. I talked to a girl!
Next time. "Start Line"!
I. Ochaco. will have shiny stuff
come out of my mouth!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
NEXT TIME: START LINE